What
This software allow users to Conduct and Schedule Tests.
This software only allow Optional Question Answers.
How
1. Sign Up/Log In
2. Click on Schedule Test
3. Enter
	Title: of Test (eg. General Knowledge Test for Students)
	Start Date: is the date and time when your test starts and allow your audinece to give answers.
	Duration: is Time duration in Minute after this Minute your test will expire.
	Question: Your Questions
	Options: There are four options for each question
	Right Option: Admin Need to tick the (radio button) which one is right options
	Add Question: button will allow you to add more questions in yout tests (Note: you can only add upto 50 questions)
	Cancel: button will cancel your Schedulation and transfer you on home page
How to take test:
	If you come through the test link you need to enter you name and just GO :)
	If you come dont come through test link you need to provide test id and name and then GO :)

Documentation:	Schedule: button will Schedule your test and provie test id and link to share with your audinece

Database Design:

Programin Language Used:
Structure of Software:

Errors While Testinn:
1: I have forgotten to give dynamic url for opening json file in 2 files> main.php & check.php
2: I have made database to store question as varchar(100) but question may be longer so i edited and set it to 400;
3: SQL failed when i passed single quote(') to sql server. Because in sql VALUES('') single quote terminate. So I need to escape single quote. I solved it with addslashes() function in PHP. This function add slashes before single qutote or double quote.
4: There is confilict if anyone dobule click on answer; Its really Ironic for me why a function is callin simelteneously

Structure:
1: index.php //Asks for test id and after that ask for you name and declare a session with your name. than it calls Main.php to show questions
2: main.php  // (This works like api) 
	this file take testid as input as get method
	Check in database for the link of test with this id
	if exist open a file of test and return data which is in json
	convert json file into objects and check if test is not expired or scheduled
		if scheduled or expired this file give response not started yet or test expired respectivly.
		(main.php give responses in json format so that index.php can prase 
		if not scheduled or expired than give questions and options as responses
	every option call an api check.php to check whether options is right or not.
3: Check.php   // this is file which take input (testid answer and questionNo)
	This file find link of test with testid and read that file and check for the rightanswer
		if inputed ans and right options are same this returen true
		else return false.
		if answer is right this increse value of session of marks else it doesnt incres marks
	this function store participants response in database